Add glossary entry for "Redistribution" (#1083)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: astro/src/content/docs/general/glossary.mdx

A single logical deployment that acts as multiple logical token services on multiple URLs or host names (e.g. for
branding, isolation or multi-tenancy reasons).

## Redistribution

Redistribution occurs when you bundle Duende IdentityServer as an integrated component of a product or service that you

> sell, lease, or provide to third parties, rather than using it solely for your own internal business needs.

Reviewer: "... rather than using it solely for your own internal business needs."

I feel like this may convey the message that it's allowed to use a redist license both for redistribution and internal (production) use. But I have no better way of wording this myself.

> sell, lease, or provide to third parties, rather than using it solely for your own internal business needs.

Author: ```suggestion
Redistribution occurs when you bundle Duende IdentityServer as an integrated component of a product or service that you
sell, lease, or provide to third parties.
```
